
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="the_scriptures">The Scriptures</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Dear friends, now we are children of God, and what we will be has not yet been made known. But we know that when he appears, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. (1 John 3:2)
</p>

<p>
So God created mankind in his own image,
in the image of God he created them;
male and female he created them. (Genesis 1:27)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "The Scriptures" [1-352] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="c_s_lewis_on_human_destiny">C. S. Lewis on human destiny:</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
“He came to this world and became a man in order to spread to other men the kind of life He has – by what I call ‘good infection.’ Every Christian is to become a little Christ. The whole purpose of becoming a Christian is simply nothing else”
</p>

<p>
“The command Be ye perfect is not idealistic gas. Nor is it a command to do the impossible. He is going to make us into creatures that can obey that command. He said (in the Bible) that we were ‘gods’ and He is going to make good His words. If we let Him – for we can prevent Him, if we choose – He will make the feeblest and filthiest of us into a god or goddess, dazzling, radiant, immortal creature, pulsating all through with such energy and joy and wisdom and love as we cannot now imagine, a bright stainless mirror which reflects back to God perfectly (though, of course, on a smaller scale) His own boundless power and delight and goodness. The process will be long and in parts very painful; but that is what we are in for. Nothing less. He meant what He said.”
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "C. S. Lewis on human destiny:" [353-1436] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit3" id="paul_tillich_explains_christianity">Paul Tillich explains Christianity:</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
“In Christ the new mankind has started.”
</p>

<p>
“The profound doctrine of a transcendent humanism, a humanism which says that Christ is the fulfillment of essential man, of the Adamic nature.”
</p>

<p>
“I am always surprised how much better the theology of the ancient church was than the popular theology which developed in the nineteenth century, how much profounder and more adequate to the paradox of Christianity, without becoming irrationalistic, nonsensical, or absurd.”
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Paul Tillich explains Christianity:" [1437-] -->